♪♪
- Lunch is ready.
- I'll grab the plates.
Oh, just like you grabbed
the heart of the girl I love?
Still not over me getting
Skylar her powers back, huh?
Nope. And you'll notice
your tomato slice
is very thin.
Wow, you showed him.
Yeah, I also
skimped on his lettuce.
Oh, no, stop the madness.
I will get the plates.
Why are they all broken?
What happened?
I was doing the dishes,
and I accidentally broke them
with my super strength.
That still doesn't answer
why you put them
back in the cabinet.
Because now we have service
for 36 tiny people.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Kaz, I didn't
smell you come in.
Did you shower?
Yeah, I had to.
My younger brother Kyle's
coming to visit,
and the pen I was chewing on
exploded all over my face.
I didn't know
you had a little brother.
Yeah, well, growing up,
Kyle and I never really bonded,
but now that he's older
and I moved away,
I think he misses me.
This is our chance to
finally become best buds.
- ( doorbell chimes )
- That's him.
- Kyle!
- The bionic people!
Wow. If I didn't
know any better,
I'd think you're more excited
to see them than me.
I am.
So when my mom told me
that Kaz was an intern
with the bionic people,
I just had to come
see for myself.
Okay, well, now you saw 'em,
so what do you say
you and I get outta here
and take our chances
eating some street meat.
Kaz, do you mind?
The grown-ups are talking.
I can't believe
I'm sitting next to
the Chase Davenport.
You're my favorite
bionic hero.
I get that
all the time.
Really? 'Cause I've
never heard that.
Seriously. Never.
Not one time.
Wow. She does not
like you.
Okay, Kyle,
your room's all set.
Thanks. Wait till
my friends hear
that Bionic Bree
made my bed.
Or more accurately,
Bionic Bree threw
your backpack
into an empty room.
Great.
So this entire time,
I thought he was excited
to come see me,
but really, he was using me
to get to you guys.
( chuckles )
Yeah. How about that?
Come on, can you blame him?
Who would wanna hang out
with the intern?
Why did you tell him that?
I was trying to come up
with a cover story.
It was either that
or chauffeur.
I didn't think I could
pull off the hat.
Why am I even
lying to him?
I'm just gonna tell him
that I'm a superhero.
You can't.
The superhero code says
that no hero can reveal
his or her true identity,
thus exposing all heroes'
existence to the general public.
Can't I make an exception
for my brother?
No. People fear
the unknown.
If they found out
that we have powers,
they could turn against us.
She's right.
But just to be clear,
there is no code that says
superheroes can't
date each other.
I'll add it in.
Okay, yeah, but
what about these two?
The whole world knows
they're bionic,
and they're
pretty much celebrities.
Yeah, now.
When we were first outed,
everybody freaked.
And the only reason
they came around
is because of
my likable charm
and charisma.
Yeah, neither of which exist.
We were able to explain
our abilities with science.
Unlike fire, ice,
and ET over here.
Please don't zap me.
I'll take a zap.
Or anything
at this point.
Kyle is my only
younger brother.
He won't tell anybody
that I have superpowers.
I promise.
Sorry, Kaz. No.
Kaz, you do not need
to be a superhero
to bond with
your little brother.
Just spend
some time with him.
Yeah, she's right.
Well, Bree, I can see
making beds
isn't one of
your bionic abilities.
( laughs )
He is so cute.
How long is he staying?
Hey, how about I give you
the grand tour, huh?
Okay. Can Chase come?
Oh, I'm sure
he's got plans.
Nope. I never do.
Consider yourself
lucky, Kyle.
You're the first outsider
ever to see
the heart of our
bionic operation.
Cool!
Yeah, but unfortunately,
you'll have no pictures
of your historic visit
because Chase made this
a camera-free zone.
That's right. Chase.
Not me.
Just to be clear,
it was the bionic guy.
But instead of a picture
of Mission Command,
how would you like
a signed 8 X 10 of me?
It's super glossy,
so my bionic smile
really pops.
It totally does.
What are you doing?
It's no biggie.
I've got, like,
500 of 'em.
You want one?
No.
I'm trying to look cool
in front of my brother.
You keep
one-upping me.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I mean, I can't help it
if he thinks I'm awesome.
I am the smartest man
in the world,
and I can generate
a force field,
and I happen to be
having a very good hair day.
Look, it's bad enough
I can't show Kyle
any of my superpowers.
Could you just
back off a bit?
Absolutely.
I'll give you two
some time alone.
So you can talk about me.
I'm sorry.
Uh, just keep him in here,
and out of all
the unauthorized areas.
Okay.
Hey.
Ready for
the rest of the tour?
Where'd Chase go?
Oh, you mean the guy
who seems awesome at first,
but then you get to know him,
and you realize
he's a not-awesome
fun killer?
Yeah. I get what you mean.
His powers are cool,
but he's kinda uptight.
He's got all these rules.
Yes. Yes, he does.
And you know what else?
He thinks that you shouldn't go
in the unauthorized areas
because they're
too dangerous.
Too dangerous?
Hello. I skateboard off
people's houses.
I know.
But you're in luck,
because I have access to
every room in this place.
You do?
Yeah. See, I didn't want
to tell you at first,
but the truth is,
I'm actually not
just an intern here.
I'm running
this operation.
Yeah, right.
You?
Yes, me.
I'm gonna prove it
to you right now
by showing you
the top secret weapons room,
which is right
through here.
Which is right
through there.
Guess what I found
in the washing machine.
Ooh, I love this game.
Uh, two buttons and a nickel.
No. My tablet.
I bet Oliver destroyed it
with one of his powers,
and tried to hide
the evidence.
Oh, no.
Well, did he finish the load,
because I had
a pair of jeans in there.
You know what?
That is it.
First, he broke
all the plates,
then he broke my tablet,
and now,
I think it's time
for me to break him.
Where is he?
Nice.
Frozen chocolate
banana, Skylar?
Why, thank you, Oliver.
That's my favorite dessert.
This is way better than
Chase getting my powers back.
Silly girl.
It's just a banana.
No. Listen to me.
Oliver, you are the bestest,
strongest, handsomest--
Ahem!
Uh...
Okay, to be fair,
this is not
the weirdest thing
I've ever done.
Save it.
Look, I knew you
broke my tablet.
- What? No, I didn't.
- Don't play dumb with me.
You and your messed-up powers
have been breaking stuff
all over the house.
Bree, I don't know
what you're talking about.
Besides the plates,
I didn't break anything.
So I suppose that telescope
just broke itself.
Okay, yeah,
that was me,
but it wasn't
my powers.
I just get really excited
when I see Mercury.
Look, it is one thing
to accidentally break something,
but it's another thing
to hide it,
and then lie to my face
about it.
I didn't lie, and I'm actually
getting better with my powers.
Oh, yeah?
Well, here's a reality
check for you, Oliver.
You may think you're
getting better,
but the rest of us know
that you're not.
I'm sorry you had to see that,
imaginary Skylar.
And here we are.
This place is awesome.
Yeah, well, just another
day at the office for me, Kyle.
I guess I'm a lot
cooler than you thought.
Yeah, but to be fair,
the bar was pretty low.
What is this thing?
Oh, that is a mainframe.
What's a mainframe?
It's a complicated system
of...
mains and frames.
What does it do?
Oh, sorry, that is
top secret.
But I'm your brother,
and I'm great with secrets.
Kevin Stuart asked me
not to tell anyone
about his year-old
back zit,
and I only told,
like, three people.
Sorry, buddy.
No can do.
We should probably
head back upstairs.
All right, let's go see
what Chase is doing.
What's a few more minutes?
Just try not to...
( buttons clicking,
alarm blares )
...touch anything.
Intruder detected.
Uh, hey, Kyle, you should
probably get outta there.
Lockdown complete.
Activating electrified
perimeter.
Cool!
Hey, uh, buddy,
quick question.
When did you tell Mom
that you'd be home?
'Cause right now,
it's looking like never.
Come on, you got about
two inches here.
Can you fit
through this?
What is that alarm
going off?
Why are you in here?
( shrieks )
What did you do?
I was showing Kyle around,
and then, all of a sudden,
the gates locked,
got all electric-y,
that thing starts blaring.
Don't you people have alarms
that are a little less jarring?
Perhaps some wind chimes or
the gentle chirp of a cricket?
I can mute the alarm,
but the cage is locked
for security reasons.
Why did you even
let him in there?
To prove that
I'm cooler than you.
I think it's working.
He initiated lockdown mode.
I'll have to
disarm it remotely.
- ( beeping )
- Oh, come on.
Why isn't
my password working?
Did Kyle touch something?
Of course
he touched something.
He's my brother;
we're touchers.
Well, great.
Whatever buttons he pushed
changed my password.
Now he's locked in there,
and I'm gonna have to
use my bionics to get him out.
Yes! Awesome!
Oh, it's not that awesome.
What if I just used
these steel bolt cutters
to cut through the cage?
No. If you touch
metal to the cage,
the jolt will
electrocute you in an instant.
Let me try using
my molecular kinesis
to control them.
Whoa!
Stand back, Kyle.
- Chase!
- Is he okay?
Yeah, I think so.
But I have to say,
for a bionic hero,
that was very disappointing.
( crashing noises )
Oliver, I thought
I told you no more...
Skylar?
Hi.
Why is the coat rack
smoking?
It is?
Oh, it is.
And is that my brand-new
expensive leather jacket
that was on the rack?
No.
Give me that.
( whimpering )
Skylar, how could you do this?
Okay, it was an accident.
I just haven't quite
mastered my powers
since I got them back.
So you burn my jacket?
And I broke your tablet.
And I shredded your purse.
- My purse?!
- Oh, you haven't
seen that yet?
That's great.
Now I have to go
apologize to Oliver
because I blamed him
for everything that you did.
I know.
And... I'm really sorry.
I'm just scared, Bree.
What if I never
get my powers back
to the way that
they used to be?
Skylar, you will.
It's just gonna take
a little bit of time
to get used to them again.
It's like riding a bike.
Or whatever your alien
equivalent is to riding a bike.
That would be
riding a bike.
I'm trying to make a point.
Don't start acting normal now.
( alarm blaring )
Hey, you okay?
( groans )
I taste metal.
Yeah. Must be from
the voltage your body absorbed.
( metal clanking )
Or it was a piece
of the bolt cutter.
Help!
When the bolt cutters
hit the cage,
it must've caused
the voltage to surge.
If you knew
this wasn't safe,
why would you
let me in here?
You wanted to go
in there.
What do I know?
I'm just a kid.
I still sleep in
a race car bed.
Mom and Dad never bought me
Gotta know how to work 'em.
Chase, we have to
do something.
Feet.
( yells )
Get me out of here!
Okay, I can figure this out.
There's a reason why
I'm in charge of this place.
Please. If the guy with
bionics couldn't help me,
what chance do you have?
What chance do I have?
I'll show you
what chance I have.
What do you think of
your big brother now, huh?
( screaming )
Not exactly the response
I was hoping for.
Hey, Oliver.
Uh, is this a bad time?
Are you still talking
to pretend Skylar?
Don't be ridiculous.
Can't you see
she's sleeping?
Look, I should not have
accused you
of breaking my stuff.
Especially now that I know
it wasn't you.
Ha! I told you.
I would never go around
breaking people's stuff
without telling them.
What kind of jerk
would do that?
SKYLAR: Me.
Oh.
Well, when you do it,
it's adorable.
It's taking me a while
to get used to my powers again.
Rather than admit it, I blamed
you for everything I destroyed.
I'm so sorry.
Can you forgive me?
Wow.
It's just...
The fact that you would throw me
under the bus like that.
Yeah, we're all good here.
Okay. Now things can finally
get back to normal around here.
Oh, I wish I could
say the same for you, Bree,
but you attacked my character
and accused me of lying.
That's something
I can never forgive.
Not even if I set up daily
one-on-one training sessions
for you and Skylar
to perfect your powers together?
Bring it in, old friend.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why should I have to
train with Oliver
every day to pay for
something you did?
Would you rather pay for
all the expensive things
- of mine you ruined?
- Bring it in, old friend.
( screaming )
What's wrong, Kyle?
What's wrong?
My brother just shot fire
out of his hand.
ALL: What?!
Kyle, do not freak out.
It's a little late
for that.
Can someone explain to me
why he thinks he saw something
that he clearly
didn't see?
I would, but after
a few thousand
volts of electricity
passes through you,
your short-term memory
kind of...
What's the word for goes?
My brother locked himself
in the mainframe cage.
I had to use one of
my powers to break him out.
Wait. One of your powers?
How many do you have?
( chuckles )
Several.
Kaz, now he thinks
you're a superhero.
What was I supposed to do?
He was in trouble.
I have to tell him
everything.
What about
the superhero code?
I have no choice.
I'm sorry.
Kyle...
I've been keeping
a really big secret from you
and the rest of the world.
I'm not supposed
to tell you,
because it could expose
a lot of people
and put them in danger.
But you're my brother
and I think it's right
for you to know the truth.
Oh, I know the truth.
These bionic freaks
abducted you,
and filled you with
machine parts,
to turn you into
one of them.
Yes, they did.
- ALL: Yeah!
- ( all talking at once )
Technically,
technically,
technically, I asked
them for the bionics
so I could help them
save lives around the world.
Right.
But congratulations.
You now have
a bionic brother!
Yay! Isn't that cool?
Yeah, I guess.
I mean, it'd be a lot cooler
if you were a superhero.
Superhero.
Do you hear this guy?
Seriously, do you
hear this guy?
That was the best
weekend ever.
Well, as long as you
promise not to tell anyone
about my bionic secret,
you can come back and visit
whenever you want.
Really?
Thanks.
So when do I get
my bionics?
Oh, you know,
I asked Chase,
and he said no.
I have to say,
that was pretty
smart of Kaz
pretending to be bionic.
Yeah. Now that
I think about it,
you should all say that when
using your powers in public.
It's the perfect cover.
All righty then.
I guess from now on,
we're bionic.
Seriously, Oliver?
These are my new boots.
Sorry about that.
Eh, it's okay. Skylar was gonna
ruin them anyway.
( scoffs )